Update end of year post and team assignments (#344)
2i2c-org/2i2c-brochure: content/authors/angus-hollands/_index.md

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
- Product and Services Team
---

> Angus Hollands is an Open Source Infrastructure at 2i2c. He was previously a post-doctoral researcher in the Computational High Energy Physics group at Princeton University. He has a long-standing history of working collaboratively in open source projects, such as Executable Books, Jupyter, scikit-hep, and Blender. He is motivated by open-source, open-science, and the FAIR principles to build a more accessible, empowering future for scientific research and publication. His scientific background is in nuclear structure, in which he studied a PhD at the University of Birmingham.

Reviewer: Open Source Applications Engineer

> Angus Hollands is an Open Source Infrastructure at 2i2c. He was previously a post-doctoral researcher in the Computational High Energy Physics group at Princeton University. He has a long-standing history of working collaboratively in open source projects, such as Executable Books, Jupyter, scikit-hep, and Blender. He is motivated by open-source, open-science, and the FAIR principles to build a more accessible, empowering future for scientific research and publication. His scientific background is in nuclear structure, in which he studied a PhD at the University of Birmingham.

Author: ```suggestion
Angus Hollands is an Open Source Applications Engineer at 2i2c. He was previously a post-doctoral researcher in the Computational High Energy Physics group at Princeton University. He has a long-standing history of working collaboratively in open source projects, such as Executable Books, Jupyter, scikit-hep, and Blender. He is motivated by open-source, open-science, and the FAIR principles to build a more accessible, empowering future for scientific research and publication. His scientific background is in nuclear structure, in which he studied a PhD at the University of Birmingham.
```
